Very first version of a FCC-ee polarizer ring
---------------------------------------------

This is work in progress and significant changes of the design should be 
expected in the near future. Nevertheless, the design presented here would
work from the beam dynamics and polarization build-up point of view with
hardware requirements being checked.

The intention was to design a short ring (circumference ~210 m) with reasonably 
large magnetic fields (finally about 1.47 T) of bending magnets to obtain fast 
polarization build-up without asymmetric wigglers reducing the equilibrium 
polarization.

The design is based on 90 degrees phase advance FODO arc cells with a cell 
length of 3.4 m (hopefully long enough to allow integration of all elements). 
This allows to obtain sufficient dynamic aperture and momentum acceptance for 
high injection efficiency. The equilibrium emittance is too large for 
acceleration in the high energy linac, such that the polarized beam has to 
pass through the damping ring.

Design evolutions to be expected in the near future:
 - Inversion of the polarity of quadrupoles of the triplets in the straight
   section (change of triplet from DFD to FDF) to ease beam transfer.
 - Reduction of the RF voltage (smaller RF acceptance probably acceptable
   and to ease the construction of the RF system).
 - Development of polarizer rings with circumference similar to the damping 
   ring. The aim is to install both the damping ring and the polarizer ring
   in the same tunnel (in addition to the circumference, the shapes must be
   similar as well). Various options are possible as, e.g., longer straights 
   and asymmetric wigglers reducing the equilibrium polarization or longer 
   arcs with larger bending radius allowing the accelerate temporarily the 
   beam to enhance the polarization build-up rate.

Possible design evolutions in the long term:
 - Alternative focusing structures (e.g. triplet focusing as well in arcs)
   with the aim to reduce the horizontal equilibrium emittance.

 
